[SSL, Workers] Clarify limitation mTLS for Workers and zones proxied on Cloudflare (#12532)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/mTLS.md

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> Currently, mTLS for Workers cannot be used for requests made to another zone that is [proxied](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) on Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, mTLS for Workers cannot be used for requests made to a service that is a [proxied zone](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) on Cloudflare. If your Worker presents a client certificate to a service proxied by Cloudflare, Cloudflare will return a`520` error.
```
